preparing for new contributing content (#41)
LSSTDESC/RAIL: docs/source/contributing.rst

Professional astronomers (including students!) based in the US, Chile, or a French IN2P3 institution are encouraged to `join the LSST-DESC <https://lsstdesc.org/pages/apply.html>`_ to gain access to the `\#desc-pz-rail <https://lsstc.slack.com/archives/CQGKM0WKD>`_ channel on the LSSTC Slack workspace.
Those without data rights who wish to gain access to the Slack channel should `create an Issue <https://github.com/LSSTDESC/RAIL/issues/new/choose>`_ to request that the team leads initiate the process for adding a DESC External Collaborator.

Where to contribute: RAIL packages
==================================

Similar to the installation process, depending on how you want to contribute to RAIL, you will be contributing to one or more of the RAIL packages.  
Given the package structure we imagine three main use cases for contributions:

1. To contribute to the core codebase, including algorithms with no special dependencies, install RAIL from source, indicate what you aim to do in an Issue, and follow the Contribution workflow below.

> 2. To contribute a new algorithm or engine that depends on packages beyond numpy and scipy, you will probably be making a new rail_<algorithm> repository, and eventually rail_hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To contribute a new algorithm or engine that depends on packages beyond numpy and scipy, you will probably be making a new rail_<algorithm> repository, and eventually adding to the dependencies in `rail`.
```
